Update allow-or-prevent-custom-script.md (#4149)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/allow-or-prevent-custom-script.md

> [!NOTE]
> You cannot allow or prevent custom scripts to an individual user's OneDrive.
  

> ## Manage custom script from SharePoint tenant administration

Author: thanks. changing.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you don't see the new options in SharePoint tenant administration, it means that the feature is not enabled in your tenant yet. Every customer will have this new set of capabilities enabled by end of June 2024.  

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
If you do not see the new options in SharePoint tenant admin center, the feature is not enabled in your tenant yet. Every customer will have this new set of capabilities enabled by end of June 2024
```

Tenants administrators have a set of tools available in SharePoint tenant administration to manage custom script within their organization. Specifically, tenant administrators can do the following:
* verify custom script status 
* change custom script settings 
* persist custom script settings

### Verify custom script status

> A new "Custom script" column is now available in the "Active sites" page under "sites".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new "Custom script" column is now available in the "Active sites" page under "Sites".
```

![Active sites view with custom script column visible](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint/assets/46542683/232a2283-7f38-4f77-b32d-e076bbcbbb01)

The column can be added to any view. A new "Custom script allowed sites" is also available to provide an easy access to all the sites where custom script is enabled:
![List of out of the box views which includes the custom script allowed sites view](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint/assets/46542683/e19f29a8-601a-416a-b8fd-2f128461b52c)

### Change custom script settings
In the "Active sites" page, upon selecting a site, under "settings", a "Custom scripts" setting is available for administrators:
![Custom script setting](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint/assets/46542683/7a9c6b79-db8b-4577-9a8c-978f011196a9)

Administrators can control custom script settings for a specific site; deciding if they want to allow or block custom script on a specific site:
![Custom script values](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint/assets/46542683/05b24a6e-7dec-4b50-80e8-f09fe18e7dd4)

> By default, any changes to custom script settings for a specific site only last for a maximum of 24 hours. After that time, the setting gets reset to its original value for that specific site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, any changes to custom script settings for a specific site only last for a maximum of 24 hours. After that time, the setting will reset to its original value for that specific site.
```

### Persist custom script settings
To prevent SharePoint in resetting custom script settings to its original value to the whole tenant follow these steps:

1. [Download the latest SharePoint Online Management Shell](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=255251).

    > [!NOTE]
    > If you installed a previous version of the SharePoint Online Management Shell, go to Add or remove programs and uninstall "SharePoint Online Management Shell."

2. Connect to SharePoint as a [Global Administrator or SharePoint Administrator](./sharepoint-admin-role.md) in Microsoft 365. To learn how, see [Getting started with SharePoint Online Management Shell](/powershell/sharepoint/sharepoint-online/connect-sharepoint-online).

3. Run the following command.

    ```PowerShell
    Set-SPOTenant -DelayDenyAddAndCustomizePagesEnforcement $True
    ```

> [!NOTE]

> > This setting affects all sites. There are no options to preserve changes to custom script settings only on some specific sites. This parameter will be available until November 2024. After that date, it will no longer be possible to prevent SharePoint in resetting custom script settings to its original value to the whole tenant.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting affects all sites. There are no options to preserve changes to custom script settings only on some specific sites. This parameter will be available until November 2024. After that date, it will no longer be possible to prevent SharePoint in resetting custom script settings to its original value for all sites.
```
